add the three key takeaways (#3)
inscidar/inscidar: _publications/2024-evaluation.md

publisher_url: "https://osf.io/preprints/osf/5v98j"
doi: "10.31219/osf.io/5v98j"

blob_title: "The 2025 Results"

data_page: "/data"
---

> - As the first of its kind, we conducted a comprehensive evaluation of life sciences data resources, reaviling significant accessibility barriers.
> 
> - Our analysis shows that many life sciences resources have “severe” accessibility issues (74.8% data portals and 69.1% journal websites) and are significantly less accessible than US goverment websites.
> 
> - Focusing on visual impairment, we evaluated three data portals in-depth with a blind user, unveiling the practical impact of the identified accessibility issues on common tasks (53.3% success rate), such as data discovery tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
- We conducted a first-of-its-kind evaluation of digital accessibility in life sciences data resources.

- Our comprehensive analysis reveals that many life sciences resources have “severe” accessibility issues (74.8% of data portals and 69.1% of journal websites) and are significantly less accessible than US government websites.

- Focusing on visual impairment, we evaluated three data portals in-depth with a blind user, unveiling the practical impact of the identified accessibility issues on common tasks (53.3% success rate), such as data discovery tasks.
```
